Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
It will print the text in print and input and input will allow you to type
Now right click on the main1.py window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
it did what i thought it would
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
it did nothing


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
it will print what you typed
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
it assigns what you typed to color
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?

yes

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
it will say something based on what you typed instead of saying what you typed
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
it is deciding what to print based on what you typed
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
so the code runs 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
it would treat it differently than if you did since nothing says they are the same
What does this tell you about "color"?
it is not perfect


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main3.py. 
you can type red and it will work
What problem is this trying to solve? 
it tries to fix if you put red instead of Red
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?

it will not work how they want it to,it won't treat it as red

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
it will turn all capitals in color to lowercase
What problem is it trying to solve? 
it was it to work regardless of capitals
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
it will not treat it as red


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
it adds .strip()
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
it removes spaces
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
no


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
it adds another color that doesnt end in sorry try again
What is the purpose of line 11? 
to make sure the colors will work regardless of spaces or capitals
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
it is trying to set up a loop until red is guessed
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
so that they are inside the loop
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
it would ask for the color before the loop started and the loop wouldnt be able to end
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
it is starting a loop
What is the purpose of “count”? 
to see how many times the loop looped
What is happening on line 22? 
it tells you how many attempts it took you
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?
yes